README.md, before:

# NCAA-Next Xtreme Database Editor
DB/Save Editor for NCAA Football series on PS2/Xbox/PSP/GC Consoles

This editor was designed using original source code from Madden Xtreme DB Editor (elguapo) and MaddenAMP (Colin Goudie/stringray68) and uses tdbaccess library from Artem Khassanov of NHLView.


# New Features
* Added better compatibility with NCAA PS2 Games and PS2 in general
* Ability to view, edit and save NCAA off-season save files  (click Options, Load Off-Season Save, Reload save file)
* Faster, more optimized database editing, loading, saving, etc.
* Added DB Tools & Modules
* PLAY table player names now shown

# Available Modules

League Editor
* Fully Customize Conference, Team, Bowl and Schedules in your own League Setup
* Ability to edit Dynasties or default League.DAT data to create your own game
* Requires modding files from game and creating a new game iso rom
* https://www.ncaanext.com/p/ncaa-db-editor-league-creator.html

Team Editor
* Fully working Team Editor tab
* Change College Names
* Change Prestige Ratings
* Update NCAA Investigation & Sanctions
* Stadium Updater
* Head Coach Editor
* Playbook and Strategy Editor
* FIRE COACH button
* Change User Coach/Team
* Select Team Captains
* Select 4 Impact Players
* Change Team Colors
* Generate Fantasy Roster per Team
* Apply DEATH PENALTY

Player Editor
* Edit Player Names & Attributes
* Force Players to Graduate/Go Pro or Transfer
* Automatically updates Overall Ratings

Coach Editor
* Edit Coach names and attributes
* Change Coach Strategies and Playbooks

Conference Editor
* Swap teams between conferences
* Add/Remove FBS and FCS teams
* Reschedules as needed
* Creates fantasy rosters for FCS teams automatically

DB Tools
* Fantasy Roster Generator
* Depth Chart Automatated Setter
* Team Rating Calculation
* Roster Filler
* Body Size Fixer
* Speed Enhancer
* QB Tendency Fixer
* Randomize Player Potential
* Randomize Face/Hair/Head
* Global Ratings Editor

Dynasty Tools (In-Season)
* Add Pre-Season Injuries with Player Regression
* Medical Redshirting with Player Regression
* Coaching Progression/Re-Rating for CPU
* Coaching Carousel + Coach Leaving Transfer Portal
* Randomize Coaching Budgets
* Auto Conference Realignment
* Transfer Chaos Mode
* Players -> Coaches
* Randomize "Free Agent" Coach Prestige

Recruiting Tools (DB2 save!)
* Redistribute Recruiting Point Minimum
* Remove Interested Teams from Recruits
* Randomize Recruits
* Randomize Walk-Ons

Dev Tool - 2024 Roster Generator
* A series of tools and csv files to create a 2024 season roster
* Uses a mix of real world data and fantasy roster generation tools
* csv files are editable


## Notes
If you are using NCAA NEXT 25 Beta 6+, you can change the Overall and Recruiting Database by going into the resources folder and running the NEXT25Database.bat file!

## Help

[NCAA Database Editor Manual.docx](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/17964514/NCAA.Database.Editor.Manual.docx)


League Editor Instructions: https://www.ncaanext.com/p/ncaa-db-editor-league-creator.html

Commit message:

Remove legacy bootstrappers and document modern publish

README.md, after:

# NCAA-Next Xtreme Database Editor
DB/Save Editor for NCAA Football series on PS2/Xbox/PSP/GC Consoles

This editor was designed using original source code from Madden Xtreme DB Editor (elguapo) and MaddenAMP (Colin Goudie/stringray68) and uses tdbaccess library from Artem Khassanov of NHLView.


## Deployment

Publish the application using the modern tooling with:

```bash
dotnet publish NCAA_XDBE/NCAA_XDBE.csproj -c Release
```

The ClickOnce package is created in the `publish/` directory.

# New Features
* Added better compatibility with NCAA PS2 Games and PS2 in general
* Ability to view, edit and save NCAA off-season save files  (click Options, Load Off-Season Save, Reload save file)
* Faster, more optimized database editing, loading, saving, etc.
* Added DB Tools & Modules
* PLAY table player names now shown

# Available Modules

League Editor
* Fully Customize Conference, Team, Bowl and Schedules in your own League Setup
* Ability to edit Dynasties or default League.DAT data to create your own game
* Requires modding files from game and creating a new game iso rom
* https://www.ncaanext.com/p/ncaa-db-editor-league-creator.html

Team Editor
* Fully working Team Editor tab
* Change College Names
* Change Prestige Ratings
* Update NCAA Investigation & Sanctions
* Stadium Updater
* Head Coach Editor
* Playbook and Strategy Editor
* FIRE COACH button
* Change User Coach/Team
* Select Team Captains
* Select 4 Impact Players
* Change Team Colors
* Generate Fantasy Roster per Team
* Apply DEATH PENALTY

Player Editor
* Edit Player Names & Attributes
* Force Players to Graduate/Go Pro or Transfer
* Automatically updates Overall Ratings

Coach Editor
* Edit Coach names and attributes
* Change Coach Strategies and Playbooks

Conference Editor
* Swap teams between conferences
* Add/Remove FBS and FCS teams
* Reschedules as needed
* Creates fantasy rosters for FCS teams automatically

DB Tools
* Fantasy Roster Generator
* Depth Chart Automatated Setter
* Team Rating Calculation
* Roster Filler
* Body Size Fixer
* Speed Enhancer
* QB Tendency Fixer
* Randomize Player Potential
* Randomize Face/Hair/Head
* Global Ratings Editor

Dynasty Tools (In-Season)
* Add Pre-Season Injuries with Player Regression
* Medical Redshirting with Player Regression
* Coaching Progression/Re-Rating for CPU
* Coaching Carousel + Coach Leaving Transfer Portal
* Randomize Coaching Budgets
* Auto Conference Realignment
* Transfer Chaos Mode
* Players -> Coaches
* Randomize "Free Agent" Coach Prestige

Recruiting Tools (DB2 save!)
* Redistribute Recruiting Point Minimum
* Remove Interested Teams from Recruits
* Randomize Recruits
* Randomize Walk-Ons

Dev Tool - 2024 Roster Generator
* A series of tools and csv files to create a 2024 season roster
* Uses a mix of real world data and fantasy roster generation tools
* csv files are editable


## Notes
If you are using NCAA NEXT 25 Beta 6+, you can change the Overall and Recruiting Database by going into the resources folder and running the NEXT25Database.bat file!

## Help

[NCAA Database Editor Manual.docx](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/17964514/NCAA.Database.Editor.Manual.docx)


League Editor Instructions: https://www.ncaanext.com/p/ncaa-db-editor-league-creator.html
